Nfiann-manifest (#6933)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/methods.md

These selectors can help you shorten run times by excluding unchanged nodes. Currently, no subselectors are available at this time, but that might change as use cases evolve. 

#### Overwrites the `manifest.json`

> dbt overwrites the `manifest.json` file during parsing, which means when you reference`--state` from the `target/ directory`, you may encounter a warning indicating that the saved manifest wasn't found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt overwrites the `manifest.json` file during parsing, which means when you reference `--state` from the `target/ directory`, you may encounter a warning indicating that the saved manifest wasn't found.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/reference/saved-manifest-not-found.png" title="Saved manifest not found error" /> 

> During the next run, in the reproduction step, the `target/manifest.json` is overwritten. After overwriting, dbt reads the `target/manifest.json` again to detect changes but finds none. 

Reviewer: discussed what 'next run' and in reproduction' means - Nat will clarify

> During the next run, in the reproduction step, the `target/manifest.json` is overwritten. After overwriting, dbt reads the `target/manifest.json` again to detect changes but finds none. 

Author: ```suggestion
During the next job run, in the reproduction step (this step refers to the specific sequence of steps that lead to the issue where dbt overwrites the `manifest.json` before it can be used for change detection), the `target/manifest.json` is overwritten. After overwriting, dbt reads the `target/manifest.json` again to detect changes but finds none. 
```

> As a note, it's not recommended to set `--state` and `--target-path` to the same path while using state-dependent features like `--defer` and `state:modified` as it can lead to non-idempotent behavior, which may not work as expected.

Reviewer: shortening for conciseness
```suggestion
Avoid setting `--state` and `--target-path` to the same path with state-dependent features like `--defer` and `state:modified` as it can lead to non-idempotent behavior and won't work as expected.
```

#### Recommendation

To prevent the `manifest.json` from being overwritten before dbt reads it for change detection, update your workflow using one of these methods:

- Move the `manifest.json` to a dedicated folder (for example `state/`) after dbt generates it in the `target/ folder` and, use a saved state, instead of comparing the current state with the just-overwritten version:

```

> mkdir state && mv target/manifest.json state/manifest.json

Reviewer: i think this is a command line command, i dont think you can us this command in dbt cloud right? do you think we should include this example here?

```
This ensures dbt compares against the correct previous state, and it avoids issues caused by setting `--state` and `--target-path` to the same path, which can lead to non-idempotent behavior.

> - Write the manifest to a different `--target-path` in the build stage (where dbt would generate the `target/manifest.json`) or in the reproduction stage.

Reviewer: @nataliefiann what is the reproduction stage?
```suggestion
- Write the manifest to a different `--target-path` in the build stage (where dbt would generate the `target/manifest.json`) or in the reproduction stage.
```

> - Write the manifest to a different `--target-path` in the build stage (where dbt would generate the `target/manifest.json`) or in the reproduction stage.

Author: ```suggestion
- Write the manifest to a different `--target-path` in the build stage (where dbt would generate the `target/manifest.json`) or in the reproduction stage (the sequence of steps that lead to the issue where dbt overwrites the `manifest.json` before it can be used for change detection).
```

> - Pass the `--no-write-json` flag:`dbt --no-write-json ls --select state:modified --state target`: during the reproduction stage.

Reviewer: same here about reproduction stage? it might be just me not understanding
